Still say no
Sister, take a break and let me come
That bitch ruined my life on his mother
Get it back
Okay, stop hitting
Is it still useful to keep it?
See prince
how
His Royal Highness the Prince is here
The thief in the world will inevitably flee
The previous thieves also made us give up our entire fortune
If not for the arrival of the prince
We're already in big trouble
Yes, yes, yes.
Thanks to His Royal Highness this time
My Liu family is willing to give half of their property
Contribute to His Royal Highness
A thank you
My Wang family is also one of the three great families.
Be careful
Forgot to laugh
Jiangnan is indeed a family of loyal ministers everywhere
Don't worry.
Zhenbei Palace will not treat everyone badly
We're just doing our part.
Zhenbei Wang Gong Gao Gaitian
His Royal Highness the Lion does not dislike us useless and good
Your Highness the Lion
I think it's almost time.
I guess the traitor was too afraid to show up
Or sacrifice now to that useless mother
Do it, stop it